---
title: Internationalization (Translation)
category: App Setup
order: 5
---

There are two ways we’ve handled the translation. First is for static strings available in the project source. Second is for translating dynamic strings sent from the server.

## For static translations
We’ve generated an exhaustive English translation file. You can copy this file and rename it with your own language. Follow the schemes and setup guides here: 

https://docs.flutter.dev/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization

For translation, copy and duplicate the following file with your own locale.

Go to the `Project_HOME > packages > houzi_package > lib > l10n > app_en.arb` and duplicate and translate the values on the right side in the new file like this:
```
"search": "Search"
To Dutch like this:
"search": "zoekopdracht"
```

Don’t forget to add locale to following file:
`Project_HOME > packages > houzi_package > lib > l10n > l10n.dart`

## For dynamic translations:
The traditional localisation method handles strings that are already included in the project source, but there are certain events where strings come from the server, and we still need to translate those.
**For example** we cannot know how many property statuses or how many property features  are there on your server, so we’ve added a dynamic way of localisation for those strings.

Find json files placed in following folder:

`Project_HOME > assets > localization > en_localization.json`

Add missing / non translated strings to the English file, and then copy this file in the same folder, prefix this to your locale like `ar_localization.json` for Arabic and start adding strings that are coming from your server in a json format.

Don’t forget to add new locale json to following file in `pubspec.yaml` asset section, open file here:
`Project_HOME > pubspec.yaml`

And add the entry in assets section like this
```
assets:
...
- assets/localization/ar_localization.json
```
If you need to use this custom translation at any place, use following method:
```
String localized = GenericMethods.getLocalizedString("String Key in json");
```
