---
title: version 1.2.0
type: major
---

**1.2.0** bring important changes to Houzi app, plugin and Houzi Builder. Upgrade is recommended. Here's the details of what awesome things we've done with the app and its companions.

### Houzi App 1.2.0
- [New] Shiny new and comprehensive CRM.
- [New] Gorgeous Saved Searches Layout.
- [New] Custom map pin (with bg, title, styling option) [Docs](https://houzi-docs.booleanbites.com/hooks-widgets/set_custom_marker)
- [New] Country, Area, State, City added to filters.
- [New] Option to hide price. (make visible to logged-in or to agencies only etc) [Docs](https://houzi-docs.booleanbites.com/hooks-widgets/hide_show_price)
- [New] Null safety added.
- [New] Report review to admin. (required by Google).
- [New] Security improved. App Secret added. [Docs](https://houzi-docs.booleanbites.com/tools/app_secret)
- [New] Hooks V2 adds more simpler approach to hooks.
- [Improved] Upgrade support to Flutter 3.7.x and Android 33.
- [Improved] Pagination in agent and agency list.
- [Improved] Pre-fill all forms with available info, if user is logged-in.
- [Improved] deep link for property links.
- [Improved] Faster Maps and List loading.
- [Improved] add enquiry, delete enquiry, deal and lead.
- [Improved] phone signup, social sign in.
- [Improved] search for properties by agency or agent.
- [Improved] send email from app for Houzez version 2.7.3+.
 
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

### Houzi Builder 1.2.0
- Added country, state, city area, term pickers in search filters.
- Added activation by CodeCanyon key.
- Fixed phone signup key.
- Added check for Houzez theme installation.
- Fixed several issues in parsing config.

### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.2.0
- [New] Added web services for several CRM functions.
- [New] Report review to admin. (required by Google).
- [New] Security improved. App Secret added.
- [Improved] send email from app for Houzez version 2.7.3+.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.