---
title: version 1.3.5
type: minor
---

**1.3.5** bring important changes to Houzi app, plugin and Houzi Builder. Upgrade is recommended. Here's the details of what awesome things we've done with the app and its companions.

#### Houzi App 1.3.5
- [New] Extensive and Improved Search with the additional support of new 'dropdown' and 'string-picker' in Keyword field.
- [New] Added support for Brazilian language.
- [New] Added support for Romanian language.
- [New] Added support for Persian language.
- [Improved] Fixed issue of User Authentication error.
- [Improved] Fixed crash issues in Leads (CRM).
- [Improved] Fixed several issues in Filter Page.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues in Saved Searches.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues in Favourite Properties.
- [Improved] Fixed issues in User Sign-in.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues on Property Address Page in Add Property.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues in Edit Property.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues in Search Results Page.
- [Improved] Fixed several issues related to Google Maps.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Builder 1.3.5
- [New] Extensive and Improvement in Search with the additional support of new 'dropdown' and 'string-picker' in Keyword field.
- [Improved] Imporvement in Export Configuration View of app.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.3.5
- [New] Extensive imporvement in Search with Filters based on Houzez 'meta keys'.
- [New] Added Attachments in Property Details page response.
- [New] Added Print Property Pdf Webserive.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.