---
title: version 1.3.8
type: minor
---

**1.3.8** bring important changes to Houzi app, plugin and Houzi Builder. Upgrade is recommended.

#### Houzi App 1.3.8

- [New] Added support for Flutter version 3.16.0.
- [New] Added support for Clustering on Google Maps.
- [New] Added support to view Private Note of Properties.
- [New] Added hooks for the customization of the Clusters on Google Maps.
- [New] Added "Featured First" sort option on Search Results page.
- [New] Added support for "Dynamic Bottom Navigation Bar".
- [New] Added support and hook for the "Floating Plus Button" in the Bottom Navigation Bar.
- [New] Added support for "Cupertino Sliding Segment Control".
- [New] Added "Chip filters" in Search Results Screen.
- [New] Added support for new "box" term picker.

- [Improved] Upgreded and enhanced Search Results Page.
- [Improved] Upgreded and enhanced Listings on Map.
- [Improved] Upgreded and enhanced Filter Page.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Add Property.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Floor Plans.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Maps.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Static Maps while Adding a Property.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Sorting search results.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Bottom Action Bar in Property Profile Screen.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Realtor Info Screen.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Property Listings.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Elegant Home Search.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to scrolling in Settings.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Builder 1.3.8

- [New] Upgraded and Enhanced UI.
- [New] Added new layout design for Home section.
- [New] Added new layout design for Drawer section.
- [New] Added new layout design for Search section.
- [New] Added new layout design for Property Profile section.
- [New] Added new layout design for Add Property section.
- [New] Added new layout design for Api & Config section.
- [New] Added support to customize Bottom Navigation Bar with dynamic icons.
- [New] Added support to hide/show "Cupertino Segment Control".
- [New] Added support for 'box' term picker.
- [New] Added support for customizing Cupertino Sliding Segment Control Thumb Color.

- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Add Property.
- [Improved] Fixed icons of Country, State, City and Area on Search section.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.3.8

- [Improved] Fixed issue related to Similar Properties.
- [Improved] Fixed issue related to Agency_Agent thumbnail.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to 'Private note' and 'Property disclaimer' while Adding/Editing a Property.
- [Improved] Fixed issue related to Agency_Agent thumbnail.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Phone number from Contact us.
- [Improved] Fixed issues related to Touch-base.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.