---
title: version 1.4.2
type: major
---

**1.4.2** bring messages to Houzi app, plugin and Houzi Builder. Upgrade if you want to include messages in the app.

#### Houzi App 1.4.2

- [New] Added support for Houzez [Direct Messages](../../tools/direct_messages).
- [New] Added hook DefaultAppThemeModeHook for configuring default dark or light theme.
- [New] Added support for 'Deleting Notification'.
- [New] Added support for 'Notification Grouping' for the 'messages' type notifications.
- [New] Added navigation routes for the notifications of the type 'purchase_activated_pack' and 'free_submission_listing'.
- [New] Autofill suggestion for Login username and password.
- [Improved] Flutter 3.24.XX supported.
- [Improved] Fixed the Search Map turn into white screen on pressing back button.
- [Improved] Improved the response parsing of some APIs.
- [Improved] Added support for the property_area, property_state, property_country, property_label and property_feature in Saved Searches.
- [Improved] Fixed the placeholders on Home Screen.
- [Improved] Fixed the data loading issues of CRM dashboard pages.
- [Improved] Fixed the data loading issues of Favoritie Listing page.
- [Improved] Fixed the data loading issues of Saved Searche page.
- [Improved] Fixed the missing review tab issue on Realtor Information page.
- [Improved] Fixed the surface tint color issue of sliver app bar in collapse view on all Home pages.
- [Improved] Fixed the text overlay issue on small screen in Listing design of favourite properties.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.


#### Houzi Builder 1.4.2

- [New] Added support for adding 'Direct Messages' in bottom Navigation menu.
- [New] Added support for adding 'Direct Messages' in Drawer menu.
- [New] Added support for display/ hide the Direct Message button on listing details page.
- [New] Added support for customizing the background color of Direct Message button in Style section.
- [New] Added support for Push Notifications Configurations in Api & Config section.
- [New] Added support for Dynamic Terms with Icons on Home Screens.
- [New] Added support for adding Houzez Posts/ Blogs on Home Screens, in Drawer Menu and in Bottom Navigation Menu.
- [New] Added new Blog Profile section.

- [Improved] Improved Small Buttons widget on Property Profile page.
- [Improved] Fixed the issue of missing blog details layout configuration.
- [Improved] Fixed the issue of bottom space and scrolling in the User Profile Page.
- [Improved] Fixed the issue of bottom space under the Similar properties of Property Profile.
- [Improved] Fixed the issue related to colour of Email button on property profile.
- [Improved] Added fix for 'user_selected' sub-type in 'property Type' widgets on Home Screen.
- [Improved] Added support for the 'Price Placeholder' in Add Property.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.4.2

- [New] Added support for the 'Direct Message'.
- [New] Added support for "notification grouping" in messages type notifications.
- [New] Added "Delete Notification" API.
- [New] Added subject to the Emails for the Property request.
- [New] Added notifications support for Reporting content.

- [Improved] In the push notifications, now the input fields can be empty.
- [Improved] In the push notifications, now the last_checked_time for a user notification can be empty.
- [Improved] Improved Push Notifications.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.