---
title: version 1.3.9
type: major
---

**1.3.9** bring important changes to Houzi app, plugin and Houzi Builder. Upgrade is recommended.

#### Houzi App 1.3.9

- [New] Updated to Flutter version 3.19.XX.
- [New] Added support in UI for the Property Uploads.
- [New] Added support for Admin to modify the attributes like Featured, Approved etc. of any listing.
- [New] Added support for dynamic Sort by menu on Search Results page.
- [New] Added support for dynamic Sort First by menu options on Search Results page.
- [New] Added hook "MembershipPayWallDesignHook" for switch between ListView and PageView.
- [New] Added Contact buttons for the Line app and Telegram app.
- [New] Added script-code and country-code support for the localization purposes in the language hook.
- [New] Added new hooks for setting the minimum characters for Login Password and customizing the Agent Profile Configurations.
- [New] Provided support for the user to add custom options for the string_picker in search section.
- [New] Provided same Signup phone number field as in the Login with the Phone screen.

- [Improved] Improved Drawer menu.
- [Improved] Improved Search Results.
- [Improved] Improved Add Property.
- [Improved] Improved Membership.
- [Improved] Improved Bottom Navigation Bar.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Builder 1.3.9

- [New] Upgraded and Enhanced UI.
- [New] Updated to Flutter version 3.19.XX.
- [New] Added new Results & Maps section.
- [New] Added new Contact button for Line app.
- [New] Added new Contact button for Telegram app.
- [New] Added new layout design for Property Profile Bottom Action Bar.

- [Improved] Updated the Style section.
- [Improved] Added new customization support in the Search section.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.

#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.3.8.1

- [Improved] Hot fix for permission callback.
- [Improved] Fixed issue related to Similar Properties.
- [Improved] Fixed issue in Agency_Agent thumbnail.
- [Improved] Fixed issues for 'Private note' and 'Property disclaimer' while Adding/Editing a Property.
- [Improved] Fixed issues in Phone number from Contact us.
- [Improved] Fixed issues in Touch-base.
- Several bug fixes & Performance Improvement.
