---
title: version 1.4.5
type: minor
---

**1.4.5** Brings support for Flutter 3.35.XX.

#### Houzi App 1.4.5

- [New] Flutter 3.35.xx support.
- [New] Listing Insights to gain in-depth insight into your real estate site’s visits and see how your listings perform.
- [New] User approval system. Admin can approve or reject new signups when approval system enabled.

- [New] Added verification tag support for agents and agencies to enhance trust and authenticity.
- [New] Admin now receive notifications when a review is reported.
- [New] Introduced new admin capabilities to approve, reject, or delete user reviews.
- [New] Option to show/hide room icon in Property Details and Listing item based on `configuration.json` settings.

- [Improved] Updated the in-app-purchase dependency to meet GooglePlay requirement.
- [Improved] Fixed image uploading to limit the allowed count.


#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.4.5

- [New] Added user approval system. Admin can approve or reject new signups when approval system enabled.
- [New] Integrated the Reviews Control API, allowing admins to manage user reviews.
- [New] A new API to fetch detailed analytics for properties and users, enabling data-driven insights and reporting.
- [Improved] Fixed a problem where notifications were not showing up. This was caused by a missing variable and is now resolved.
- [Improved] All admins receive real-time notifications and email alerts to stay informed about key activities and updates. 


#### Houzi Builder 1.4.5

- [New] Added room details to both the search results and property detail listings.
- [New] Added toggle options to show/hide rooms in Property Details and Article boxes.

