---
title: version 1.4.5
type: minor
---

**1.4.5** Brings support for Flutter 3.32.XX.

#### Houzi App 1.4.5

- [New] Added support to show/hide room sections in Property Details and Article Box based on `configuration.json` settings.
- [New] Added verification tag support for agents and agencies to enhance trust and authenticity.
- [New] Added user approval system to provide greater control over user registrations.
- [New] Admin now receive notifications when a review is reported.
- [New] Introduced new admin capabilities to approve, reject, or delete user reviews, enabling better content moderation and platform quality control.
- [New] Houzi Insight screen. Now, users with property-adding permissions can view detailed insights related to their listings.
- [Improved] Updated the in-app-purchase Dependency from `3.2.0` to `3.2.3`.
- [Improved] Fixed bugs in the image uploading section to enforce the upload limit correctly, preventing users from uploading more images than allowed.


#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.4.5

- [New] Fully implemented the user approval system, allowing admin control over new user registrations before granting access to their account.
- [New] Integrated the Reviews Control API, allowing admins to manage user reviews.
- [New] A new API to fetch detailed analytics for properties and users, enabling data-driven insights and reporting.
- [Improved] Fixed a problem where notifications were not showing up. This was caused by a missing variable and is now resolved.
- [Improved] All admins receive real-time notifications and email alerts to stay informed about key activities and updates. 


#### Houzi Builder 1.4.5

- [New] Added room details to both the search results and property detail listings.
- [New] Added toggle options to show/hide rooms in Property Details and Article boxes.

