---
title: version 1.4.4
type: major
---

**1.4.4** brings support for Flutter 3.32.XX.

#### Houzi App 1.4.4

- [New] Flutter 3.32.0 support.
- [New] Added Multi Currencies support with Houzez compatibility.
- [New] Added Currency Switcher with Houzez compatibility.
- [New] Added `CustomCountryHook` to allow adding custom country for phone signup.
- [New] Added new Hook for displaying an image in the Home screen header (Sliver AppBar).
- [New] Added `EditProfileShowFieldHook` to control the visibility of fields in the edit profile section.
- [New] Added rooms support in add listing and listing details.
- [Improved] Added language code to `LanguageHook` to construct URL for custom languages.
- [Improved] Fixed bug with saved searches containing custom fields.
- [Improve] Fixed a bug that prevented searching agencies by name.
- [Improve] Fixed a bug that prevented notifications from being deleted on the notification screen.
- [Improve] Fixed issue with liking and disliking properties to ensure they are properly added or removed from favorites.
- [Improve] Fixed visibility issue for agents and agencies. Only those with visibility set to true should show.
- [Improved] Fixed heading color showing same when switching light or dark mode.
- [Improved] Property listing thumbnail defaults to set image; else, first gallery image is used.


#### Houzi Rest Api Plugin 1.4.4

- [New] Implemented Currency Switcher integration with Houzez compatibility.	
- [New] Implemented Multi Currencies for properties.
- [Improved] Fixed issue with liking and disliking properties to ensure they are properly added or removed from favorites.
- [Improved] Fixed notification issue for phone logins. Users without an associated email will no longer receive unintended notifications.
- [Improved] Property listing thumbnail defaults to set image; else, first gallery image is used.
- [Improved] Fixed visibility issue for agents and agencies. Only those with visibility set to true should show.
- [Improved] Double push notifications to the admin have been disabled.

#### Houzi Builder 1.4.4
- [New] Added rooms support in add listing and listing details.
- [Improved] Fixed heading color showing same when switching light or dark mode.
- [Improved] Made Changes to language URL format examples.