---
title: version 1.4.4
type: major
---

**1.4.4** brings support for Flutter 3.32.XX.

#### Houzi App 1.4.4

- [New] Flutter 3.32.0 support.
- [New] Added `EditProfileShowFieldHook` to control the visibility of social media fields in the edit profile section.
- [New] Added some features in `LanguageHook` to support language detection via both URL directory and parameters. If a language code is provided as a param, it's used; otherwise, the default logic applies.
- [New] Added `CustomCountryHook` to allow customization of user calling codes. Users can choose to display all or specify particular countries.
- [New] Implemented Multi Currencies.
- [New] Implemented Currency Switcher integration with Houzez compatibility.
- [New] Added a hook `getHomeSliverAppBarBGImageHook` for displaying an image in the Sliver AppBar using a it.
- [New] Upgraded Firebase Core, Auth, and Analytics packages, along with the OneSignal Flutter SDK, to their latest versions.
- [Improved] Fixed bug where heading color didn’t update correctly when switching to dark mode and remained the same as light mode.
- [Improved] Fixed issue that allowed duplicate searches to be saved to Hive. Now, searches are only saved if they don’t already exist.
- [Improved] Fixed icon colors in Saved Search screen labels. Icons now correctly display in the primary color instead of gray.
- [Improved] Fixed property listing thumbnail behavior. If a thumbnail exists, it will be returned; otherwise, the first image from the property images array will be used as a fallback.
- [Improved] Fixed bug with saving and editing searches containing custom properties when custom widgets are added via the field builder.
- [Improve] Fixed a bug that prevented searching agencies by name.
- [Improve] Fixed a bug that prevented notifications from being deleted on the notification screen.
- [Improve] Fixed issue with liking and disliking properties to ensure they are properly added or removed from favorites.
- [Improve] Fixed visibility issue for agents and agencies. Only those with visibility set to true will now appear on screen and in search results.
- [Improve] Added missing Russian,Turkish and related translations to the locale files.
- [Improve] Fixed bug in the Edit screen where the currency variable was not set properly.
